Elaborate on API_SERVER_URL in agent-initiated cluster reg (#173)
rancher/fleet-docs: docs/cluster-registration.md

Third, set variables with the Fleet cluster's API Server URL and CA, for the downstream cluster to use for connecting.

```shell
API_SERVER_URL=https://<API_URL>:6443
API_SERVER_CA_DATA=...
```

> `API_SERVER_URL` should be in format of `https://<API_URL>:6443` that can be referenced from `.kube/config` file. Do not use apiServerURL of `https://<FQDN>` from previously generated `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: I'd suggest something like:

```suggestion
If the API server is not listening on the https port (443), the `API_SERVER_URL` should include the port, e.g. `https://<API_URL>:6443`. The URL can be found in the `.kube/config` file.
```

>  Do not use apiServerURL of `https://<FQDN>` from previously generated `values.yaml` file.

Can you elaborate a bit on this? The URL in the previously generated `values.yaml` worked without the port?
Is that from the agent-initiated registration?

Author: Hi @manno ,
Sure. yes this is from agent-initiated registration. The previous step generated below `values.yaml`(redacted the ip),

``
apiServerURL: https://35.213.XXX.XXX.sslip.io
``

So I naturally used this value in the installation in next step. And it did not work. I had to feed `https://127.0.0.1:6443` from `.kube/config` in my case.
